c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\Pages\Map.xbf
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\Pages\Route.xbf
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\BUS.TRACKER.xr.xml
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\BUS.TRACKER.exe
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\BUS.TRACKER.pdb
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\BUS.TRACKER.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\BUS.TRACKER.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Map.g.i.cs
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Map.g.cs
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Route.g.i.cs
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Route.g.cs
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Map.xaml
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Route.xaml
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Map.xbf
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Route.xbf
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\BUS.TRACKER.exe
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\BUS.TRACKER.pdb
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\BUS.TRACKER.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\ericprom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\Pages\Map.xbf
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\Pages\Link.xbf
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\Pages\Route.xbf
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\Pages\Search.xbf
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\Pages\Setting.xbf
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\Pages\Stop.xbf
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\BUS.TRACKER.xr.xml
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\BUS.TRACKER.exe
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\BUS.TRACKER.pdb
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\BUS.TRACKER.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Map.g.i.cs
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Map.g.cs
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Link.g.i.cs
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Link.g.cs
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Route.g.i.cs
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Route.g.cs
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Search.g.i.cs
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Search.g.cs
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Setting.g.i.cs
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Setting.g.cs
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Stop.g.i.cs
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Stop.g.cs
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Map.xaml
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Route.xaml
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Search.xaml
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Setting.xaml
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Stop.xaml
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Map.xbf
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Route.xbf
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Search.xbf
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Setting.xbf
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Stop.xbf
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Link.xaml
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\Pages\Link.xbf
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\BUS.TRACKER.exe
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\BUS.TRACKER.pdb
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\BUS.TRACKER.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\EricProm\Documents\bustracker\BUS.TRACKER\BUS.TRACKER\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
